As European leaders gather in Rome on Friday to sign the new EU constitution, many companies will be focusing on matters much closer to home - namely how to stay in business. Like northern England and industrial Scotland, those industries have been in long term decline - the last coal pit closed in 1990. "In our business the market is absolutely global, you can not imagine living with our size (of business) even within an enlarged European Union, (if we did that) we would need not 350 people but perhaps just 150 or 200," he says. It isn't just globalisation that is hurting; the law in France means workers are paid for a 39 hour week even though they work just 35 hours. That is one reason why people here are not great fans of the EU, says Frederic Sawicki, a politics lecturer at the University of Lille. They don't see what Europe is doing for them, so there is a kind of euro scepticism, especially in the working classes," he says. Boss Henk Addink blames the low growth rate in Europe for the lack of orders closer to home. Mr Addink blames the euro for stifling demand. He much preferred the old currencies of Europe, which moved in relation to each country's economic performance. In Germany, industry is exporting more these days, but the economy as a whole is once again mired in slow growth and high unemployment. With Germany making up a third of the eurozone's economy, this is a major problem. If Germany doesn't once again become the powerhouse of Europe, growth across the bloc is never going to be as strong as it could be. Staff have started working an extra four hours a week for no extra pay, after Siemens threatened to take the factory and their jobs to Hungary. The Government is reforming the labour market and cutting the generous unemployment system, but the real solution is to cut the wages of low skilled workers, says Helmut Schneider, director of the Institute for the Study of Labour at Bonn University. "Labour is too costly in Germany, especially for the low skilled labour and this is the main problem. The EU set itself the target of being the most efficient economy in the world by 2010. 