The budget proposals laid out by the administration of US President George W Bush are highly controversial. Without major changes in current policies and political prejudices, the federal budget simply cannot hold together. News coverage of the Bush budget will be dominated by debates about spending cuts, but the fact is these will be large cuts in small programs. From the standpoint of the big fiscal trends, the cuts are gratuitous and the big budget train wreck is yet to come. Under direct threat will be the federal government's ability to make good on its debts to the Social Security Trust Fund. The trigger for the coming shock will be rising federal debt, which will grow in 10 years, by conservative estimates, to more than half the nation's total annual output. The US Government cannot finance its operations without heavy borrowing from the central banks of Japan and China, among other nations. The decline of the dollar is a warning sign that current economic trends cannot continue. The dollar is already sinking. There will be no need for constitutional amendments to balance the budget. By definition, the deficit means too little revenue and too much spending - but this neutral description doesn't adequately capture the current situation. Federal revenues are at 1950s levels, while spending remains where it has been in recent decades - much higher. Reducing domestic spending, or eliminating "waste, fraud and abuse" is toothless because this slice of the budget is too small to solve the problem. Indeed, if Congress were rash enough to balance the budget in this way, there would hardly be any such spending left. The biggest spending growth areas are defence (including homeland security), and health care for the elderly and the poor. The US population is aging, and the nation does face genuine threats in the world. Brute force budget cuts or spending caps would ill-serve the nation's elderly and indigent. Finally, blind allegiance to a balanced budget will have to be abandoned. Moderate deficits and slowly rising federal debt can be sustained indefinitely. One thing is certain - destroying the budget in order to save it is not going to equip the US economy and government for the challenges of this new century. 