Your child or grandchild may want the latest toy this Christmas, but how about giving them a present that will help their financial future? Gifts of the financial variety might have a longer lasting impact. It may encourage children to save or start a fund which could count towards university costs, for example. The government is trying to encourage saving at an early age, through its new Child Trust Fund. Parents will need to decide which financial institution will manage this gift in time for the start of the scheme in April 2005. As the Child Trust Fund will not be in force in time for Christmas, relatives could invest their gifts in a higher rate children's deposit account, and use this as a feeder fund. There are accounts designed to start children off in the savings habit and they often pay a higher rate of interest. Interest earned by children is subject to income tax. If the account holds money gifted by friends and relatives - but not parents - any interest earned from the savings account may be set against the allowance. The tax rules are different for parents who save on behalf of a child. This is to prevent parents from holding their own cash savings in their children's names and taking advantage of the tax allowances. Where both parents and other relatives are saving on behalf of a child, consideration should be given to opening separate accounts - one for parents' gifts and one for gifts from other relatives. Therefore, it may be preferable for parents to contribute to the Child Trust Fund which is tax free, with any gifts from relatives that take the total above the annual £1,200 limit being directed to a deposit account. With the promise of riches far greater than a mere deposit account, they make great presents. There are gift opportunities beyond cash accounts and these should not be ignored. The only drawback with all financial gifts is that the children gain an absolute right to the money at age 18, and parents will have no control over how it is spent. 