Three years after Argentina was hit by a deadly economic crisis, there is fresh hope. The country's economy is set to grow about 8% this year after seeing 9% growth last year, a sharp turnaround from 2002 when output fell 11%. "The Argentine authorities are proud, should be proud, of the strong performance of the economy," Thomas Dawson, an IMF director, said earlier this month. Argentina has made a remarkable recovery from a hideous and lengthy recession which in 2001 culminated in the government halting debt repayments to its private creditors. In response, angry crowds of ordinary Argentines took to the streets where dozens of lives were lost in clashes with the police. Argentina was on the brink of collapse. But since then, the general mood on the ground has improved dramatically, in part because the devaluation helped attract fresh direct investment from abroad and stimulate business within Brazil. Mr Valentine, who was born in the United States but grew up in Argentina, was fortunate: At the time of the crisis, his savings were held in dollar accounts abroad. "Locally there is a sense of recovery, many companies are exporting now," he said, noting that a lot of firms, which were closed during the crisis, are re-opening. Argentina is still burdened by its failure to pay private creditors at the end of 2001. Argentina's current offer implies that the creditors would get just 25 cents for each dollar they are owed, according to the creditors. For President Kirchner, this proves a hopeless challenge. "Everyone needs to keep in mind the enormous cost on the part of both creditors and the Argentine society and people that will have been endured by the time a settlement is reached," he said. With the international negotiations being troubled, it is of little help to President Kirchner that the domestic situation remains strained as well. "The situation is bad for those who had previously chosen to save in Argentina, " said Carlos Baez Silva, president of AARA, an association that represents bank account and bond holders. Few people have recovered more than about half their savings, Mr Baez Silva estimated, pointing out that many of the savers who have lost out are pensioners or others who once trusted the government, people who set aside money for the future in the belief that their investment would be safe. "The Argentine state responded by taking most of their investments." The affair has made Mr Baez Silva disillusioned with the country's legal system. Mr Valentine, who was born in the United States but grew up in Argentina, agreed. 