The Apple Powerbook 100 has been chosen as the greatest gadget of all time, by US magazine Mobile PC. The 1991 laptop was chosen because it was one of the first "lightweight" portable computers and helped define the layout of all future notebook PCs. The magazine has compiled an all-time top 100 list of gadgets, which includes the Sony Walkman at number three and the 1956 Zenith remote control at two. The magazine specified that gadgets also needed to be a "self-contained apparatus that can be used on its own, not a subset of another device". "In the end, we tried to get to the heart of what really makes a gadget a gadget," it concluded. The oldest "gadget" in the top 100 is the abacus, which the magazine dates at 190 A.D., and put in 60th place. The Tivo personal video recorder is the newest device to make the top 10, which also includes the first flash mp3 player (Diamound Multimedia), as well as the first "successful" digital camera (Casio QV-10) and mobile phone (Motorola Startac). The most popular gadget of the moment, the Apple iPod, is at number 12 in the list while the first Sony transistor radio is at number 13. Sony's third entry in the top 20 is the CDP-101 CD player from 1983. Soon they will be subsumed into the PDA's / laptops etc. A laptop computer is not a gadget! The Sinclair Executive was the world's first pocket calculator. Surely the most important gadget of the modern age is the mobile phone? It has revolutionalised communication, which is more than can be said for a niche market laptop. From outside the modern age, the marine chronometer is the single most important gadget, without which modern transportation systems would not have evolved so quickly. Has everyone forgot about the Breville pie maker?? Of the electronic gadgets, thousands of journalists in the early 1980s blessed the original noteboook pc - the Tandy 100. What's an Apple Powerbook 100 ? It's out of date - not much of a "gadget". It has to be the mobile phone. The ball point pen has got to be one of the most used and common gadgets ever. A true gadget, it could be carried around and shown off. All top 10 are electronic toys, so the list is probably a better reflection of the current high-tech obsession than anyhting else. The first home machine with a true multi-takings OS. Apple.. a triumph of fashion over... well everything else. Yes, the Apple laptop and Sony Walkman are classic gadgets. I'd also put Apple's Newton and the first Palm Pilot there as the front runners for portable computing, and possibly the Toshiba Libretto for the same reason. How did a laptop ever manage to beat off the challenge of the wristwatch or the telephone (mobile or otherwise)? By far the most useful gadget. Psion Organiser series 3, should be up there. Great product innovation. The first mobile PC was voted best gadget by readers of...err... mobile PC?! The Motorola Startac should be Number One. The Psion series 3c! Probably a Nokia model. I wish more modern notebooks -- even Apple's newest offerings -- were more like the PB100. Particularly disheartening is the demise of the trackball, which has given way to the largely useless "trackpad" which every notebook on the market today uses. Congratulations to Apple, a deserved win! 