Some of the most vivid descriptions of the devastation in southern Asia are on the internet - in the form of web logs or blogs. Bloggers have been offering snapshots of information from around the region and are also providing some useful information for those who want to help. When he created it, the site was supposed to be a forum to discuss relations between India and Pakistan. But in the wake of Sunday's tsunami, Mr Gupta and his fellow bloggers switched gears. They wanted to blog the tsunami and its aftermath. With internet service disrupted by the tsunami, Morquendi started sending SMS text messages via cell phone from the affected areas of Sri Lanka. "Morquendi was describing scenes like 1,600 bodies washed up on a shore, and people burying, and burying and burying them. Soon, thousands of web users around the world were logging on to read Morquendi's first hand accounts. In one message, Morquendi wrote about a Sri Lankan woman who was running home with a friend when the wave hit. "She was being swept away," Morquendi's message read. "I can't even begin to imagine the psychological state he was in when he was sending us reports, and doing the relief work at the same time. Others blogs are helping to spread information about relief efforts. Dina Mehta is an Indian blogger who's helping with the newly created South East Asia Earthquake and Tsunami Blog. "Anyone who says, OK, I want to come and do some work in India, volunteer in India, or in Sri Lanka or Malaysia, this is the sort of one-stop-shop that they can come to for all sorts of resources - emergency help lines, relief agencies, aid agencies, contacts for them etc." "Imagine if they had this resource available to them, if there was a disaster, how quickly you could funnel aid in, and get people to help," she says. Mr Kotamaraja wanted to help those affected by the tsunami by pooling money with concerned friends. Then, says Mr Kotamaraja, the blogging world found out. In Sri Lanka, blogger Morquendi is recruiting others to help. He concludes: "Keep it blogged." 