For the past decade or so the virtual football fans among us will have become used to the annual helping of Championship Manager (CM). However, last year was the final time that developers Sports Interactive (SI) and publishers Eidos would work together. Eidos announced the next CM game, with a new team to develop it from scratch, whilst SI developed the existing code further to be released, with new publishers Sega, under the name Football Manager. Well, Football Manager is the spiritual successor to the CM series, and it has been released earlier than expected. But given that Football Manager 2005 is by and large the game that everybody knows and loves, how does this new version shape up? A game like FM2005 could blind you with statistics. It has an obscene number of playable leagues, an obscene number of manageable teams and a really obscene number of players and staff from around the world in the database, with stats faithfully researched and compiled by a loyal army of fans. What we are talking about is the most realistic and satisfying football management game to ever grace the Earth. You begin by picking the nations and leagues you want to manage teams from, for instance England and Scotland. That will give you a choice not just of the four main Scottish leagues, but the English Premiership all the way down to the Conference North and South. Of course you might be looking for European glory, or to get hold of Abramovich's millions, in which case you can take control at Chelsea, or even Barcelona, Real Madrid, AC Milan ... the list goes on a very long way. Sometimes it is promotion, or a place in Europe, sometimes it is consolidation or a brave relegation battle. Then it is time to look at your squad, work out your tactics, seeing how much cash, if any, you have got to splash, having a look at the transfer market, sorting out the training schedule and making sure your backroom staff are up to it. However, there have been a lot of changes under the bonnet as well - things like the manager mind-games, which let you talk to the media about the opposition bosses. If you are new to the genre but like the idea of trying to take Margate into the Premiership, Spurs into Europe, or even putting Rangers back on the top of the tree, FM2005 could be the best purchase you ever made. Football Manager 2005 out now for the PC and the Mac 