You might think that the last thing on their minds would be getting a television set or a computer. Many people in the developing world give up one of their daily meals so they can afford to buy a TV. Carnegie Mellon Professor Raj Reddy has spent the bulk of his professional career trying to find ways to make technology accessible to poor people. "I come from a village," says Prof Reddy, "I know what the population is like, many of them are illiterate, and many of them have other concerns." "So it's clear to me that if people wanted to use PCs in a village - it has to usable by illiterate people and it must be primarily for entertainment, education, telemedicine, and access to expert advice." Prof Reddy also thinks that tying it into some kind of aid package was the wrong approach. After all, he asked -- what aid group could possibly give expensive computers to 250 million less fortunate Indians, let alone the billions of poor people around the world? Instead, Prof Reddy decided to think of those 250 million Indians as a potential market. "People do this today with television sets. If you go to India, and many other countries, they will first go get a television set before they worry about one more meal. Because personalized entertainment has become very important." He calls it a PCtvt - A personal computer, television and telephone all in one that runs on a normal desktop machine. Literate users can surf through the applications with a keyboard and mouse but illiterate users can use what looks like a television remote control. This dependence on graphics, video and audio means that a computer for an illiterate person needs 100 times more power and more memory than one for a PhD. Limited trials of the PCtvt are due to start this month in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Although Andhra Pradesh has a fairly good infrastructure but work has to be done to ensure reliable connections to the net. Prof Reddy says he hopes to lease the PCtvts for about $10 a month, and thinks Indians will rent the units for the television and DVD capabilities. Reddy says he can then introduce the PCtvt's other technologies - such as video mail. Clark Boyd is technology correspondent for The World, a BBC World Service and WGBH-Boston co-production 