The Mac mini has been welcomed by Apple fans, industry experts and PC users. The release of the tiny, low-cost machine is seen as a good move for Apple which currently has a small share of the desktop computer market. Mac watchers and some analysts say the Mac mini will go a long way to help Apple appeal to the mass of consumers. They speculate that the Mac mini will be bought by iPod owners and those wanting an easy-to-use and administer second home computer. Interest in the new products launched at Macworld expo was so strong that websites for Apple's store and the show struggled to cope with demand. Apple's work on making things easy to use would also help the Mac mini win fans, he said. The Mac mini could find a role in homes that need a second computer that is easy to install and administer, he said. Ian Fogg, broadband and personal technology analyst at Jupiter Research, agreed that the Mac mini could be very popular. "Apple has been hoping that sales of the iPod will have a halo effect on the sales of the Mac," he said. Before now, he said, Apple has been seen as a premium brand. But, he said, the Mac mini changed that perception. Apple expects the Mac mini to sell for £339 in the UK and $499 in the US. Apple has traditionally done well in the market that the Mac mini is aimed at, said Mr Fogg, who also expected many PC makers to release copycat devices in reaction. He said anyone wanting to use the Mac mini with the peripherals from an old computer may find it odd to have something so small and sleek next to a hulking monitor. There are also questions over whether the Mac mini will work with very old peripherals, such as display, keyboard and mouse. The Mac mini also fell short of being a media server that can be a video recorder as well as a store for all the digital music, movies and images people accumulate, said Mr Fogg. "The Mac mini is not quite ready for that yet," he said. Although the Mac mini was very cheap for an Apple computer, it was still expensive compared to many PCs. The release of the Mac mini fit perfectly with this trend, he said. 