Online role playing games are time-consuming, but enthralling flights from reality. But some struck a more worrying tone about the Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game (MMORPG): "'You need to get out more' could be the motto of any MMORPG. Scare-mongering articles about "addictive video games" have existed since the days the first game of Pong stopped everyone from working at the Atari offices. Gaming is like any other pastime - it can quickly become an unhealthy obsession, whether it is spending too much time in the gym, in front of the television, or reading poetry. Unfortunately, gaming and addiction is a far too easy association to make. However, stories about gamers spending 10 to 15 hours a day in front of some video games are becoming more frequent. Massively multiplayer online role playing games - MMORPGs - allow thousands of gamers to share a common experience of sharing fantasy or science fiction worlds. "You lie; you don't go into work because you "had stuff to do at home"; you cancel or refuse invitations to dinner, you spend much less time watching TV (a good thing, presumably)," he wrote, explaining how EverQuest took over his time. He quit the game, he says, because he realised life was more fun than EverQuest. But the huge growth in online gaming means a growth in the numbers of people who take their passion for a hobby too far. The thoughts of families and friends of gamers who have been affected by EverQuest can be found on one blog EverQuest Daily Grind. "I can't talk to him while he is playing. "Gaming widows" has become a comedic term for women who have been shut out by male gamers. Another correspondent wrote: "I believe that he is addicted to the online gaming, and that is the cause of his depression and restlessness." "The sad truth is my husband spent 11 hours today playing his Warcraft game. Video game fans often complain that their hobby is misunderstood or marginalised. But as gaming becomes ever more mainstream, and games ever more immersive, there will be no hiding place for social problems. Sadly with all the talk of people becoming obsessed with gaming, I find myself longing to have the time to join them. I think the line between playing a game a lot and a gaming addiction is really quite distinct. I play games a lot, definately over 20 hours a week, but I don't go missing work or other commitments in order to play games. I have, about a year ago, deleted every game on my computer. RPGs are the worst - the real world fades and all your worries sorround a new magic staff or mighty sword. When you stop playing you're at the same point as when you started; all the achievements of your 10 hour session are irretrievably locked in the game and, since you've gained nothing in the real world, you may as well pile on more achievement in the fake one. My advice to gaming widows is "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em". For the most part online gaming give me an adiction to illusory achievement, and as there is no end in sight you keep going for the mirage of the ultimate. Obsessive behaviour is, of course, always cause for concern, but it always bothers me when articles about gaming talk in terms of "reality". Obviously, somebody who spends thirty hours a week playing EverQuest has a problem. If MMORPGs have a unique danger, in terms of encouraging obsessive behaviour, it is not that they create an absorbing virtual world, but rather that they can be easily accessed 24/7. The problem with these so called MMORPGS is that you can never really complete them, there's always another quest to do. The people who tend to hark on about about the problems of "hardcore gaming" seem to be those who have rarely allowed themselves to become immersed in a game. I used to be an EverQuest addict while I was in college. Now that I am holding a job, I avoid online RPGS like the plague. When I was made redundant I told my partner I had a new job for three months whilst every day I played EverQuest from 7:30am till 5:pm. I have since quit playing MMORPG and have a good job. In a game where you will never complete an "ultimate" goal, well it would be like falling into a black pit. It is easier to escape into a controlled fantasy world than face reality at times - in other words the goal offered in the PC game are "easier" and more fun than the real world. I can't buy World of Warcraft as it would destroy my marrage, I just know it!! I played Star Wars Galaxies for about a year and can attest to the addictiveness of these games. I'm sad to say that at the peak of my addiction I was spending entire weekends in front of my monitor, slowly building up my character, stopping only for food and toilet breaks. Seven years ago, I began playing Ultima Online. Online gaming can be a world of escapism where you can be yourself without fear of the thoughts of others. Whilst I would warn against people giving to much of there life to these games, I believe they are a better way to spend your time than say watching TV. Gaming is addictive and should be made a recognised addiction. When I was single I used to play upto eight hours a night after work every night for about a year, building up my stats, completing evermore quests and battling ogres. Online gaming should be enjoyed just as much as you would enjoy watching television, or going to the cinema or the pub with your mates. According to this article the same is true of MMORPGs. The message to the government is clear, either legalise drugs, or outlaw online gaming!! I play alot of Warcraft myself, and know full well how addictive it is. I think I'm obsessed with gaming in general, I spend far too much time playing games like Everquest 2 and Football Manager rather than going out and interacting with real people and when I do try to, I'm always thinking in the back if my mind that I'd rather be in front of the computer winning the league with Cambridge United. I am obsessed with online role playing games. I spend about five hours per day online playing it and I rarely get more than four to five hours sleep before getting up for work the next morning...

As many of the players spend their time in MMORPGs rather than in front of the TV I fail to see how it will affect players social lives negatively. These games are like most things -- too much of anything is a bad thing, but as long as you can walk away from the computer to do other things too, they can be great fun. Nearly most of South Koreans are addicted to online games, and one Korean died because of the lack of food and water he had through playing online games. I play xbox live every day. I find my self lying and rescheduling everything around my gaming fix. The longest I played was a 24 hour straight session. I know I play for to long but it's an obsession that I can't control. Can you reccomend a counsellor - this is not a wind up... but something I'm increasingly concerned with...

Me and my mate play online for an hour or two a day, we're both aware of how much time can disappear by sitting in front of a TV, trying to 'frag' some individual. It's getting the balance between getting home and relasing the stress of a day by an hour or so gaming, and enjoying 'real' life... Having played MMORPG games for some years I agree that these type of games can be life sucking. 