Franz Ferdinand frontman Alex Kapranos has called for more government help for musicians, while taking part in an Edinburgh Lectures discussion. But Kapranos warned against musicians being too closely linked with MPs, at the University of Edinburgh event. "I think the role of musicians is to question politicians rather than to go to bed with them," he said. Kapranos joined the prestigious lecture series to discuss Scotland's role in making 21st Century music. Because I listen to Nirvana and Korn I am a troubled individual, I'm riddled with angst because I listen to Chopin and Debussy, I listen to Kylie Minogue and Scissor Sisters because I'm upbeat and I like to party, I listen to Wagner because I like the smell of napalm in the morning." Fellow speaker and classical composer James MacMillan agreed: "We need to rediscover our ability to listen." I think the government should do more to help up-and-coming artists be discovered by scrapping the entertainment licences for live venues. Rather than expecting the government - i.e. There are far more important demands on government funds. The government has enough problems funding schools and health services. If Alex Kapranos genuinely thinks a multi-billion pound industry should also have government funding then his own education was seriously lacking and more money should be put into that. Franz Ferdinand, Travis and Snow Patrol are just recent examples of the success Scottish music can have in the world, so we should do what we Scots are good at and support our own goods! Yes the government should fund music - it brings joy to the masses. Getting the government even more involved would only waste money that could be put to better use. As long as the Government was funding real talent it would be a great move. Franz Ferdinand must be paying serious amounts of tax on their record sales - if they'd had a government grant to get started they'd have more than paid it back by now, so the Treasury would be making far more than it paid out. However, the government has better things to spend its money on than to give charity to everyone who decides they're a musician. The government shouldn't "fund" music - it should "invest" in music and those investments should be treated like any other investment. I think the government needs to provide facilities and for young groups and bands to form and practise. I do agree that the government should help to fund music but there is also a responsibility held by record companies! If labels were more willing to put money forward towards smaller breakthrough acts then the government wouldn't have to fork out a great deal. Music should be government funded, particularly the work of modern composers and veteran bands/artists and stuff. Pop music pretty much rules the earth, so more attention should go to the other fraternities

I agree with funding the arts to make it more accessible to the public but I am not convinced that pop music requires financial support from the taxpayer. Though I really like Franz Ferdinand, I have to disagree with Mr Kapranos. Once government gets their hand into the private sector, it will destroy the creative and possibly controversial avenues the artist pursues. The solution Mr Kapranos should pursue would be privately-funded organizations, like Save the Music in the US. 