Well, it's goodbye to another Olympic year and as usual there were plenty of highs and lows in Athens. But I want to remind you of a few more events that made 2004 another year to remember - or forget - for athletics. One of my favourite Olympic moments was Kelly's success in the 800m. Kelly had been full of "should I, shouldn't I?" thoughts about going for the double in Athens. It was such good fun to commentate on her 1500m and it was nice to be able to be part of her Athens story. Hicham El Guerrouj's Olympic double is a much bigger achievement than Kelly's on a global scale. What happened to Paula in Athens this year is the obvious low on a personal level and for the expectations of the nation as well. There were a set of circumstances around Athens that conspired to produce a very dramatic ending which I think has been greatly misunderstood. Things like niggling injuries, not being able to do all her running sessions and feeling the pressure of the race looming ahead of her. I think she came to the start line in Athens physically and emotionally drained. Purely as a race, Paula's victory in the New York Marathon has to go down as one of the most thrilling. It was also a real delight for all athletics fans because, to use one of my favourite words, Paula showed real "bouncebackability". Kelly and the 4x100m boys' victories papered over the cracks in the general performance of the British team. And that's where things begin to look even gloomier for British athletics as we did not win any medals at the world junior championships in Italy. Dani Barnes came fourth in the 1500m and she was the highest finisher for Team GB. The thing is if we don't have athletes getting into the finals at junior level then it really doesn't look good for the Beijing Olympics and beyond. I tell you what I really enjoyed this year, Benita Johnson winning the world cross country championships back in March. As regards the case against Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou, well suspicions have been hanging over Kenteris for a while. 