Paula Radcliffe faces arguably the biggest test of her career in the New York City Marathon on Sunday. Back under the spotlight of public scrutiny she will attempt to erase the double disappointment of the Athens Olympics, where she failed to finish the marathon and then the 10,000m. BBC Sport examines the challenges facing Radcliffe ahead of the big race. The ability to run a gruelling 26.2 miles relies largely upon an athlete's belief that they can do it. The question could hit Radcliffe hard after she was unable to complete her last two races in high-profile and emotional circumstances. "There is an old adage, 'get straight back on the horse that threw you,'" Richards told BBC Sport. If Radcliffe crosses the line first she will have proved her critics wrong. "Athletes need to try and stay focused on their internal controls and ignore external questions," explains Richards, who has worked with past Olympians. Radcliffe's best friend and fellow distance runner Liz Yelling revealed the 30-year-old is already aware she will be exposing herself to more public scrutiny in New York. Radcliffe described her decision to enter the New York marathon as "impulsive" but she is certain to have a tick-list of personal goals. Her aims could be as simple as completing a race and making sure she is still enjoying running but Richards says she must avoid more emotional targets, such as redemption. It is also not the kind of fast course that tends to suit Radcliffe better, with the undulating finish through the park testing the legs' final reserves. Radcliffe has never raced there before and will enter the unknown just 77 days after the Athens marathon. "It's suggested after a major marathon you take a full month off and start building up again," said Yelling, herself a marathon runner. "When you finish a marathon you are still very fit and can recover quickly. Richards also points out conditions in New York will be more conducive to a strong physical display from Radcliffe. Radcliffe concedes she will probably learn a lot from her bad experiences in Athens in time. 