Jason Gardener fought all the way to the line to narrowly claim the men's 60m title at the Norwich Union Indoor trials and AAAs Championships. The world 60m champion got off to a rolling start and had to dig deep to dip ahead of Mark Findlay and Darren Chin, who both set personal bests. "It was a close race," admitted Gardener. Gardener's performance in Sheffield could have been affected by the news, which he heard before his semi-final, that his European record had been broken Frenchman Ronald Pognon, who will be a real threat at the European Championships, set a new time of 6.45, one-hundreth of a second faster than Gardener's previous mark. Defending champion Joice Maduaka had pulled out of the final with a chest infection. The 25-year-old set a new British record for the second time in seven days, clocking 7.96 seconds to finish ahead of rival Diane Allahgreen. "I'm so happy," a tearful Claxton told BBC Sport. Claxton's time was also good enough to qualify for the European Championships. The Northern Ireland athlete went off at a startling pace but had to hold off the challenge of Welshman Jimmy Watkins over the final 200m to win in one minute, 47.96 seconds. "I had to go out and go through all the gears before the Europeans and I won't run again until then," said McIlroy. "I've surprised myself," said Sotherton. Pole vaulter

made a winning return to major competition after a drugs ban. The 26-year-old, who has been training in Australia over the winter, landed 17.30m with his final effort - the longest leap in the world this year. "I didn't have a clue," said Idowu. and

resumed their rivalry in the long jump competition, both achieving the European standard. Olympian Tomlinson tried to play catch up with his six jumps but had to settle for a season's best jump of 7.91m. Ireland's

took the men's title in 46.46 ahead of promising Channel Islands decathlete Dale Garland. took the women's 1500m AAAs title in the absence of Kelly Holmes. The men's race was won by

, who had to fight off a closing pack to claim the title in 3:45.87. 