Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes was back to her best as she comfortably won the 1,000m at the Norwich Union Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix. But she is still undecided about competing in the European Championships in Madrid from 4-6 March. Three athletes were disqualified for false starting, including Britain's Mark Lewis-Francis, who was the first man guilty of coming out of his blocks too quickly. World 100m champion Kim Collins clinched second spot ahead of world 60m record holder and Scott's training partner Maurice Greene. Jason Gardener's unbeaten run came to an end as he came fifth and he will need to improve if he is to defend his European title in Madrid. Russian

was back on record-breaking form in the pole vault at the National Indoor Arena. It was Isinbayeva's 11th world record - indoors or out - since July 2003. Belgian Kim Gevaert, who will be one of the favourites for next month's European title, took second while American Muna Lee was third. The Olympic champion set a new indoor personal best of 22.38 seconds - the fastest time in the world this season. fought off fellow Briton Tim Abeyie to take the men's 200m in a personal best of 20.88.

continued her outstanding start to the season, beating a strong international field, which included two-time Olympic 100m hurdles bronze medallist Melissa Morrison, to claim the women's 60m hurdles. The 25-year-old Briton clocked 7.98 seconds while pre-European Championships favourite Russian Irina Shevchenko finished down in sixth. Britain's Jo Pavey bravely decided to go with Defar as she strode away from the field and took second in a season's best 8:41.43. Lagat settled for silver behind El Guerrouj in Athens and was almost four seconds short of the Moroccan's world best, clocking 3:35.27 in Birmingham. And

was still struggling to find his form after the death of his fiancee this year. World indoor champion, Alleyne Francique, faded badly and finished in fourth while American duo Jerry Harris and James Davis took second and third respectively. The Olympic heptathlon gold medallist reached 6.66m to better Johnson's mark of 6.52m - her second personal best inside a week. "I was quite surprised because I didn't think I'd end up with second place," said Johnson, who wore London's 2012 Olympic bid slogan, "Back the Bid", on her shorts. 