Chelsea's win at Fulham - confirming their position at the Premiership summit - proves that they now have everything in place to mount serious challenges on all fronts this season. They have got strength in depth, great players, an outstanding manager in Jose Mourinho and finances no other club in the world can match. As I said, winning the major honours is the hardest task of all, but in Mourinho they have a manager who will make it a whole lot easier to handle the anticipation and expectation that will come their way now. Mourinho has won the biggest club prize of all, the Champions League, and that track record and confidence transmits itself to top players. No-one can be anything other than highly-impressed by Mourinho. Mourinho doesn't simply talk a good game - he's won some very big games such as the Champions League final with Porto. He's spent a lot of money and it seems to be working, and we should remember lots of managers have spent money and it has not worked. Now they are taking those chances, have the double threat of Robben and Damien Duff, and things are looking good. I just wonder if they lack a predator, particularly with Didier Drogba injured. He was starting to look the part before he was sidelined, but you have to feel if Chelsea had a Ruud van Nistelrooy they would be even more of a safe bet for the title. Chelsea also have all the tools to go far in the Champions League. It will now be very interesting to see how Mourinho prioritises things, but his life will be made easier by the size of Chelsea's squad. I have said I believed Chelsea would win the league this season, even when Arsenal were flying at the start, and I have seen nothing to make me change me mind. And Chelsea would have taken encouragement from Arsenal's rocky defensive display at Spurs, even though they ran out 5-4 winners. Mourinho had his say on that game, complaining: "Five-four is a hockey score, not a football score. Arsenal need to reverse the process, with or without Campbell, and get some clean sheets on the board. Chelsea have no such problems at present, which is why I would still place my money on them to edge out Arsenal as champions this season. 