Arsene Wenger has stepped up his feud with Sir Alex Ferguson by claiming the Manchester United manager is guilty of bringing football into disrepute. The pair's long-running row was put back in the headlines on Saturday when Ferguson said his Arsenal counterpart was "a disgrace". Wenger initially refused to bite back, saying only: "I will never answer any questions any more about this man." But now he claims Ferguson should be punished by the Football Association. The sides meet again at Highbury on 1 February. "In the tunnel Wenger was criticising my players, calling them cheats, so I told him to leave them alone and behave himself," Ferguson said on Saturday. It's a disgrace, but I don't expect Wenger to ever apologise, he's that type of person." Those allegations were put to Wenger after Saturday's game at Bolton, which Arsenal lost to slip 10 points behind Chelsea in the title race. But later on Saturday, according to The Independent, Wenger spoke to a smaller group of reporters and expanded on his reaction. "I have no diplomatic relations with him," the Arsenal boss is quoted as saying. Reminded that Ferguson called him "a disgrace", Wenger added: "I don't respond to anything. Ferguson had also claimed that United chief executive David Gill and Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein had agreed at boardroom level not to discuss the incident in public. But Ferguson added: "In the ensuing weeks all you got was a diatribe from Arsenal about being kicked off the pitch and all that nonsense. "David Gill and I feel we should set the record straight because Arsenal have not written to us to apologise and we would not let that happen here." During that stormy game in October, United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy caught Arsenal's Ashley Cole with one particularly strong tackle. Wenger later accused Van Nistelrooy of "cheating" and was fined £15,000 and "severely reprimanded" by the Football Association. Ferguson admitted on Saturday that Van Nistelrooy's tackle, which earned the Dutchman a ban, "could have given (Cole) a serious injury", but he believes Arsenal were the main aggressors. "Wenger is always complaining the match was not played in the right spirit," he added. "We tend to forget the worst disciplinary record of all time was Arsenal's up until last season. "But to Wenger it never happens, it is all some dream or nightmare." 