Result: Nadal 6-7 (6/8) 6-2 7-6 (8/6) 6-2 Roddick Nadal holds his nerve and the crowd goes wild as Spain go 2-0 up in the tie. Roddick holds serve to force Nadal to serve for the match but the American surely cannot turn things around now. Nadal works Roddick around the court on two consecutive points to earn two break points. Nadal wins the game to love. Nadal steps up the pressure to break and Spain have the early initiative in the fourth set. Nadal also holds convincingly as both players feel their way into the fourth set. Nadal earns the first mini-break in the tiebreak as the match enters its fourth hour. A couple of stunning points follow, one where Nadal chases down a Roddick shot and turns into a passing winner. Nadal saves a Roddick set point then earns his own with a drive volley - and a crosscourt passing winner sends the crowd wild. Nadal tries to up his aggression and he passes Roddick down the line to go 15-40 and two set points up. Nadal races through his service game to put the pressure straight back onto Roddick. Roddick hangs in on his serve to level matters but Nadal is making him fight for every point. Nadal could be suffering a disappointment hangover from the previous game as he goes 0-30 down and then has to save a break point after a tremendous rally in which he is forced into some brilliant defence. Roddick still looks a bit sluggish but he attacks the net and is rewarded with a break point, which Nadal saves with a good first serve and the Spaniard goes on to hold. One thing for certain is that the crowd are roused into support of Nadal and they go wild when Roddick loses the next point and goes break point down. The game passes the two-hour mark as Nadal holds serve to edge ahead in the third set. Nadal edges towards taking the second set with a comfortable hold. Roddick's level has dropped while Nadal is on a hot streak. Roddick double-faults twice and Nadal takes full advantage of the break point offered, powering a passing winner past Roddick. Nadal wins another tight game. Nadal puts the American under pressure and Roddick saves a break point with a superb stop volley before going on to hold. Nadal puts the disappointment of losing the first-set tiebreak to claim the opening game in the second. Roddick double-faults to concede the first mini-break and then Nadal loops a crosscourt winner to seize advantage in the tiebreak. Nadal comes up with a down-the-line winner but then nets tamely on Roddick's next set point. On the very next point, Nadal blasts a forehand service return from right of court that passes Roddick and even the American is forced to applaud. Nadal outplays Roddick to reach 40-0 but the American fights back to 40-30 before Nadal's powerful crosscourt forehand winner secures the game. Nadal manages to hold again despite Roddick piling the pressure on his serve. A powerful ace down the middle gives Nadal a simple love service game - the first time he has held serve so far in the match. Another superb game as Nadal breaks to once again lift the roof. Nadal takes the next point but Roddick breaks again with a sharp volley at the net. Roddick's advantage is short lived as Nadal breaks back immediately. A fortunate net cord helps the Spaniard on his way and when Roddick fires a forehand cross court shot wide to lose his serve, Nadal pumps his fist in celebration. 